Update README.md (#4003)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: README.md

   2. .NET Core cross-platform development
   3. Visual Studio extension development
2. Clone this repository

> 3. Install .NET Core SDK version specified in `.\global.json` with `"dotnet":` from [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core).

Author: Added this step.

> 4. Open the VS developer command prompt or PowerShell

Reviewer: arcade should not require a VS developer command prompt. You should be able to run Restore.cmd and Build.cmd from anywhere. Only reason you need a specific SDK is so that it can be picked up by VS if that is how you are making changes

Author: Thanks, removed `VS developer command prompt or PowerShell`

> 4. Open the VS developer command prompt or PowerShell
> 5. Go to the directory of the Roslyn Analyzer Repo
> 6. Run the restore and build command: `build.cmd`(in the command prompt) or `.\build.cmd`(in PowerShell).
> 7. Execute tests: `test.cmd`(in the command prompt) or `.\test.cmd`(in PowerShell).

Author: ```suggestion
4. Open a command prompt and go to the directory of the Roslyn Analyzer Repo
5. Run the restore and build command: `build.cmd`(in the command prompt) or `.\build.cmd`(in PowerShell).
6. Execute tests: `test.cmd`(in the command prompt) or `.\test.cmd`(in PowerShell).
```
